lamp~ordeal~palm
chimney~ordeal~my niche
tables~ordeal~stable
tenbeams~ordeal~basement
painting~ordeal~giant pin LLP
stair~ordeal~sitar or stria
snib~ordeal~isbn bins
staple~ordeal~plates
stapler~ordeal~plaster psalter
flier~ordeal~elmo's rifle
ramp~ordeal~pram in highest heights
###############################################
towards~routes~LLP in mesa
against~routes~gast pt 1
astride~routes~tirades (gast 2)
below~routes~woe bow bell (gast 3)
under~routes~rude n nuder (gast 4)
athwart~routes~Athwart(Cripple clipper)
inside~routes~enter Cleric Circle
past~routes~enter Idle Deli
across~routes~enter Adobe Abode
above~routes~A Bev O' Be Ova'
from~routes~MORF FORM
until~routes~UNLIT puzzle
amidst~routes~da mist
##############################################
restful~towers~Fluster Self Rut
grandiose~towers~Organised Ego Drains
IGNORE:fluster,self rut
IGNORE:organised,ego drains